Victor Svanqvist
Logbook:

V.13:
After the first lecture we all meet up up in a group room to discuss what 
our vision was with the project. We had som different opinios but we came 
to a conclussion that everybody was happy with at the end.
We also devided the group into three subgroups; The mobile teamn(where i worked), 
the hardware team and the backend group. We also decided that it would be best if
we had two weekly meeings, one on tuesdays and one on thursdays to check if teams
were up to pace.

Later that week on the friday we had our first meeting were we discuss what 
framwork we where going to use. We leaned quite a lot against android since 
all group members had androids and me who had an iphone could just use the 
emulator online. We the realized that if we just used a cross platform 
framework (react native) it would be much better and everyone could test the application 
without the infamous android studio lag. We all also had experience in 
javascript and both my teammembers had worked in react in previous projects 
so they could help me out if needed.

V: 14
On the tesday meetig we had some questions about the API and we had some back
and forth questions about if we were to use bluetooth or network connection(socket connection)
to the robot when controlling it in the autonamuos mode.
We never came to a clear conclusion
but we said we would figure it out later.

Later that week Hugo finished the "sketches" for the app wich looked fantastic and we
finally got access to the github so we could set up our workplace. We decided to go
for react native expo because then we did not have to have 2 seperate apps for android
and IOS.

Last thing we did that week was to have a meeting with the entire group to check how things
were going and that everyone was up to speed. We also decided that me and Hugo were going to
study and get more comfortable with react native.

V.15
Everyone from the app team attended the tuesday meeting, not everyone from the other teams could
make it but it did bot affect the meeting in any meaningful way.In the meeting we discussed our
progress from the previous week and what the plan was going forward.

On wednessday we worked on some components for the app and i really got to work with react native.
I think it went very well and everything worked how it was suppost to.

Thursday i was unfortunantly sick but i started working on a map for the application that would
become my responsibilty for the rest of the project.

V.16

On the tuesday meeting we had a quite long discussion about how we where going to communicate
between the groups to not cause any hiccups in the project. It was then descided that all members
of the group should meet from 1-4/5 every tuesday in a designated classroom and hold a meeting
sometime in that timeframe.

The thursday worksession and meeting went well, everyone attended for almost the entire session
but we got news from husqvarna that we were supposed to communicate with the robot directly
which contradicted the previous information we had gotten. We had heard so much bad stuff about
bluetooths integration with rasberry pie so we decided to go for a LAN controlled robot.

Friday we set up functions in order to send request to the robot in order to start autonimous
mode and move left right forward and backwards.

V. 17
At the beggining of week 17 we had a dilema, the hardware team had been working on a sophisticated
coordinate system that was realisticly not going to be ready at the end of the project.
We had to take an excecutive decicion and shelf that idea and implement something simpler.

On thursday Hugo Martinsson helped out the hardware team by building an API that could take
requests from our app and it worked perfectly. Now it was just time for the hardware team to
link it up to the right components and we should have a manualy controlled robot.

V.18
We put some final touches on the map like adding collission points, changing up some color up.






